README.md, before:

Elvie
=====

'Elvie' is a comic strip that appears in Linux Voice magazine (http://www.linuxvoice.com). All our original files are licensed as CC-BY-SA (see below for more details about derivative works). Some third party support files (such as fonts) may be under other licenses. Please check the README in the relevant directory for more details.

This repository contains the source files used to create these comic strips. Each comic is in its own subdirectory and contains the following file types:

* *.ora - Drawn using MyPaint and often subsequently edited using The GIMP.
* *.png - Exported from the *.ora files using The GIMP and used within the individual comic panels.
* *.svg - Inkscape source files, used for the final text and layout of the comic.
* *.jpg - The final comic, exported from Inkscape then colour adjusted in The GIMP, as the strips otherwise print a little dark.


Derivative Works
================

In accordance with the CC-BY-SA licence, you are more than welcome to create derivative works from these comics. Also in accordance with the license, any derivative works need to be duly attributed.

* For simple copies or minor variations, please at least include our URL (www.peppertop.com) so that other people may find our comics
* For more complex variations, or anything that substantially changes the nature of the work, please indicate that your creation is "based on" or "derived from" our original. We don't want to get into trouble when you put controversial text in our characters' mouths!


Translations
============

We're always happy to receive translations of our comics into other languages. Please be aware that any translations are liable to be included in this repository, and may also appear on our website (www.peppertop.com).

Each translation is included in its own layer in the Inkscape file. You are welcome to modify the Inkscape file yourself, and submit a pull request, or you can simply send a document to us which contains the original English and translated text side-by-side, and we'll do the rest. Email mark@peppertop.com if you would like any more information about translating our comics.


Contact Details
===============

Our main website is http://www.peppertop.com

You can contact us via email: mark@peppertop.com


Blatant Plug
============

On our website (http://www.peppertop.com) you can also find two other comic strips (both licensed CC-BY-NC-SA):

* **The Greys** - A series of over 100 stand-alone comic strips, parodies of sci-fi and cult TV shows. Drawn using Inkscape, with the source SVG files available to download.
* **Monsters, Inked** - Originally a newspaper strip, so a series of individual gags. There is an ongoing plot developing, though. Drawn by hand and then coloured, lettered and composited using Inkscape.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to reflect the fact that we've created a second repository to hold the source files for the strips that appear in Linux (Pro) Magazine.

README.md, after:

Elvie
=====

'Elvie' is a comic strip that appeared in Linux Voice magazine (http://www.linuxvoice.com), and currently appears in Linux (Pro) Magazine (http://www.linux-magazine.com/). This repository holds the first 33 cartoons - one prequel, and all of the strips from Linux Voice. For the strips from Linux (Pro) Magazine, please see our other repository:

https://github.com/Peppertop/Elvie-2


All our original files are licensed as CC-BY-SA (see below for more details about derivative works). Some third party support files (such as fonts) may be under other licenses. Please check the README in the relevant directory for more details.

This repository contains the source files used to create these comic strips. Each comic is in its own subdirectory and contains the following file types:

* *.ora - Drawn using MyPaint and often subsequently edited using The GIMP.
* *.png - Exported from the *.ora files using The GIMP and used within the individual comic panels.
* *.svg - Inkscape source files, used for the final text and layout of the comic.
* *.jpg - The final comic, exported from Inkscape then colour adjusted in The GIMP, as the strips otherwise print a little dark.


Derivative Works
================

In accordance with the CC-BY-SA licence, you are more than welcome to create derivative works from these comics. Also in accordance with the license, any derivative works need to be duly attributed.

* For simple copies or minor variations, please at least include our URL (www.peppertop.com) so that other people may find our comics
* For more complex variations, or anything that substantially changes the nature of the work, please indicate that your creation is "based on" or "derived from" our original. We don't want to get into trouble when you put controversial text in our characters' mouths!


Translations
============

We're always happy to receive translations of our comics into other languages. Please be aware that any translations are liable to be included in this repository, and may also appear on our website (www.peppertop.com).

Each translation is included in its own layer in the Inkscape file. You are welcome to modify the Inkscape file yourself, and submit a pull request, or you can simply send a document to us which contains the original English and translated text side-by-side, and we'll do the rest. Email mark@peppertop.com if you would like any more information about translating our comics.


Contact Details
===============

Our main website is http://www.peppertop.com

You can contact us via email: mark@peppertop.com


Blatant Plug
============

On our website (http://www.peppertop.com) you can also find two other comic strips (both licensed CC-BY-NC-SA):

* **The Greys** - A series of over 100 stand-alone comic strips, parodies of sci-fi and cult TV shows. Drawn using Inkscape, with the source SVG files available to download.
* **Monsters, Inked** - Originally a newspaper strip, so a series of individual gags. There is an ongoing plot developing, though. Drawn by hand and then coloured, lettered and composited using Inkscape.
